The requirements and the goals of the application that I delveoped was to add the required user interfaces. Implement the required mathematical components such as the math variables, math operations, and the math methods. Lastly, I had to implement the library component such as creating variables, add branching, programming the library components, and incorporate logic operators. The goals of this application was to create a a zip file that containing all of the coding files to produce the correct output. The user needs that this project was designed to address was registering for classes and asigning credits but not allowing more than 9 credits to be enrolled at one time. 

When creating this application I believe that I did particulary well in creating a new course.cs to ensure that my courses would be added to my application. I also believe that I did particulary well in adjusting my code to make sure that the code ran without any errors and produced the correct output. 

Console applications and WPF applications are two different kinds of applications designs with recognizable characteristics. Console applications are text-based applications that use a command-line environment, while WPF applications are graphical user interfaces (GUI) which provide a more visual and interactive experience for its users. WPF applications support multitasking for users to work on different tasks at once, but console applications require each task to be done separately.  The console application focused on listing the courses using arrays and llops. User interactions were small, as the console application was mainly used to print the course names to the console. The WPF application was designed with interactive user interface components such as ComboBox, ListBox, TextBox, and Button to assist in course registration. The interface provided me with feedback and displayed error and confirmation messages directly in the application window. The user interface that was designed considered the users experience by providing the user with instructions, easy controls, and feedback. 

I approached the debugging and coding of my application by opening the file and identifying any issues. The techniques that I used were debugging tools and errors messages to pinpoint where the problems were within the application. Once the errors were found I would use the technique to isolate the issue by making changes to the code and then debugging the code again to verify the changes made.  I would refactor the code and modify configurations so that when we debugged the application after the changes were made thoroughly that I did not receive any error messages. Lastly, I documented the debugging process including the steps taken and what I learned about the debugging process.  A strategy that I can use for future applications is to strengthen problem solving abilities by practicing systematic and logical deductions to isolate complex issues effectively. 

Full application development required innovation in a variety of aspects. One area that I had used innovation to overcome a challenge was when trying to implement my course.cs file into the already existing file, and when trying to implement feedback loops. When implementing feedback llops I used innovative when ensuring that the feedback loops, I implemented would continuously gather data from the users and analyze it to produce the correct outcome. This allowed the user experience to be enhanced. 
